Data Management, ETL, and Data Automation
Data Management – EGEAS
Design and develop PowerShell script
Design and develop Jenkins shared library
Grafana Dashboard – Oscar Awards
AutoGPT Setup
Playstore & Appstore to Google Analytics (GA) or Firebase to Google Data Studio Mobile App KPI Dashboard
Google Local Service Ads LSA API To Google BigQuery to Google Data Studio
Rise of telemedicine and its Impact on Livelihood by 2040
Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year 2030
Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year 2030
Rise of telemedicine and its Impact on Livelihood by 2040
AI/ML and Predictive Modeling
Solution for Contact Centre Problems
How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application?
Code Review Checklist
Before jumping to the pros and cons of industrial revolution 4.0, it is important to understand industrial revolution 4.0. Industrial Revolution 4.0: Industrial revolution 4.0 is the term that is used to describe the transition from an electronic-based industry to the one that is dominated by the fusion of new and emerging fields and ideas like Artificial Intelligence, robotics, and green energy, etc.
‘Industry 4.0’, is the era of digitalization. The term originated from Hanover Messe 2011 and was incorporated in German high-tech strategy. Much is attributed to Klaus Schwab, a German engineer who founded the World Economic Forum. Two years later, the Industry 4.0 Platform (central network for digital transformation) was set up to make it work. It is characterized by 4 physical and digital trends: 1 Autonomous motor vehicles (cars, trucks, drones, aircraft, water vessels); 2 3D printing (medical implants); 3 Advanced robotics (Agri to health care); 4 New materials (graphene).

We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise.
Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com
© All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd