Data Management, ETL, and Data Automation
Data Management – EGEAS
Design and develop PowerShell script
Design and develop Jenkins shared library
Grafana Dashboard – Oscar Awards
AutoGPT Setup
Playstore & Appstore to Google Analytics (GA) or Firebase to Google Data Studio Mobile App KPI Dashboard
Google Local Service Ads LSA API To Google BigQuery to Google Data Studio
Rise of telemedicine and its Impact on Livelihood by 2040
Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year 2030
Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year 2030
Rise of telemedicine and its Impact on Livelihood by 2040
AI/ML and Predictive Modeling
Solution for Contact Centre Problems
How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application?
Code Review Checklist
Care Robots, as the name suggests, are robots that are used for hospitality purposes like fetching water, cracking jokes and keeping a patient in good harmony, etc.
The senior care industry has been at the forefront for quite a period. The reason being, Nuclear families becoming very busy in their schedule that one day when the parents of this nuclear family are old, children are nowhere to take care of. Instead, nursing homes have become a trend.  Parents with mental illness are being put in rehab.
As observed for a few decades robots are taking care of many activities and they are even dominating a few fields like the automobile industry. So, Machines can indeed help humankind in achieving remarkable success in many fields.
Do senior citizens love machines ?, You should look at them when they watch TV when they love to play video games on a smartphone. So, If we give them a human-like structure with the ability of a smartphone to make these people happy then it would be quite a monstrous feat.
We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise.
Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com
© All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd